the following content is provided under
a Creative Commons license your support
will help MIT OpenCourseWare continue to
offer high quality educational resources
for free
to make a donation or to view additional
materials from hundreds of MIT courses
visit MIT opencourseware at ocw.mit.edu
all right so ten more seconds
okay
let's quiet down so that is the you've
got the 70% with the right answer when
it if people can just kind of yell out
what was wrong with number one sigfigs
and what about numbers three and four
what equation was that using
second-order that's right
so this is a good clicker question for a
problem that's going to be coming up on
exam four and also on the final exam to
a larger degree on the final exam we
have equation sheets that have all the
equations from the whole semester and so
you need to figure out and remember
which equation goes with which problem
it doesn't say oh here's the expression
for first-order here's the equation for
second-order you need to look and
remember which equation goes with which
thing but in terms of first-order what's
a way that you can remember what a
first-order equation would be what's
missing from first-order
yea the concentration of the material so
for first-order it's independent of the
concentration original concentration in
the material which is why we can use
first-order equations for nuclear
chemistry because the rate of decay of
radioactive nuclei are independent of
the nuclei around them so it's a first
order process so when you think a little
bit about these equations you should be
able to identify which equation goes
with which problem and so you can
identify the type of first-order
problems also and for the second-order
it almost always says for this second
order process which gives you a nice
hint that that's the second order
process and then you just have to
identify the equation okay so today is
more kinetics so we're in the kinetics
unit and we'll be in the kinetics unit
for the rest of the semester it's our
last unit so today I think it's one of
the most important lectures in terms of
the kinetics unit because we're talking
about reaction mechanisms and that is
really an important part of kinetics so
investigating reaction mechanisms so if
you're going to describe how a reaction
takes place you're you know often
reactions don't occur in one
Steff it's really uncommon for reactions
to occur in one step so you want to
describe the different steps and you
describe those steps which are also
called
elementary reactions so you break down a
complex reaction into a series of steps
and then you try to figure out if that
mechanism if those series of steps are
consistent with the data that you've
collected on on this particular reaction
and over here I just show you some steps
in the natural a biosynthesis of a
vitamin biotin biotin is important
vitamin for us it's also used a lot in
feedstock and so people buy a lot of
biotin to put in feedstock and so
there's a huge market of biotin now
right now it's made by what is estimated
to be a 13 step organic synthesis which
produces that's a lot of steps it's
really expensive and there's a huge
amount of organic waste associated with
making biotin and we're talking about
sort of in the tonnes level of waste so
researchers have been trying to figure
out the mechanism by which nature makes
biotin because that would be a lot more
environmentally friendly so when you're
thinking about this what you want to say
is okay if we write out a mechanism is
it consistent with the experimental data
and are there fast and slow steps
because if there's a step that's really
slow maybe you could do something about
it maybe if you're talking about an
enzyme you could re-engineer the enzyme
so it would be a better enzyme maybe you
know natural selection didn't
particularly work maybe the cell doesn't
really need as much biotin as we do
commercially so there's no need to make
it fast but now we have a need to make
it fast so maybe we can do some some
evolution of this enzyme and design
something to be better so when you're
talking about reaction mechanisms you
want to know what's fast what's the low
and if you want to use that product for
something you want to figure out how you
can change things to make have a better
mechanism maybe avoid some really slow
steps so that you can do better
today is also a World AIDS Day and
understanding the mechanism of HIV
protease was really
Central and designing inhibitors against
that enzyme and if you inhibit the
enzyme you stop the development of the
disease so this was a very important
thing and we have some some pretty good
molecules to treat AIDS right now and
some of the challenges have moved on to
other things like less good healthcare
in parts of the world where this is
affected so I feel like AIDS has kind of
taken a backseat to hearing about Ebola
recently but AIDS is still a very
important problem and one that smart
people like you could address so again
understanding reaction mechanisms is
very very important all right so let's
go to a simpler problem and a simpler
reaction mechanism we'll go to our
friend over here where we have two
molecules of n o going reacting with one
molecule of o2 going to two molecules of
no2
so someone measured some rates for this
and came up with the following rate law
where you have a rate constant which is
just called chaos for observed and we'll
talk about that more in a little bit and
they discovered it is second order with
respect to n oh and first order with
respect to O 2 so there's a couple
things right away that we can ask about
this one is what is the overall order
then of this reaction from this
experimental data what would that be
three again if some of you missed that
two plus one is three this is not where
you want to lose your points on the exam
there's going to be some tricky
significant figures in the kinetics
units save your points to lose their
count two plus one and get three okay so
is one step likely to have three
different things come together at the
same time so how likely is it that all
three things are going to merge in one
step no it's not very likely so it's no
but if it did work that way what would
it be called what molecular reaction
remember so if you have three things
it's a termolecular so they're rare so
that
not how this works all right so let's
look at some rate laws and try to write
a rate law for a reaction we're gonna
take our overall reaction we're gonna
divide it to two steps and write a rate
law for that and see if that's
consistent with the experiment
all right so finally got this up here
sorry the handwriting isn't perfect I
got here early but then the first time
I'm gonna use the board's a lot today
squeegee was gone there's always
something all right so we're gonna break
this reaction down into two steps so in
the first step we have our two molecules
of n Oh coming together to form an
intermediate n 2 O 2 and and this is a
reversible step so in the second step of
the reaction we have our Oh 2 molecule
coming in reacting with our intermediate
and forming two molecules of no2 and so
this is really pretty common that when
you have a multi-step reaction that you
form an intermediate and the
intermediate goes away all right so now
we can think about how we would write
the rate law for this particular
mechanism so starting up here this is
being written as a series of steps which
are also called elementary reactions and
for an elementary reaction it occurs
exactly as written that's its definition
of an elementary reaction or a step so
now we can write the rate law for the
forward direction of this exactly as it
is written so that would be writing and
this is my little these are my little
K's for rate constants so we have k1
times the concentration of no.2 the two
so we're writing it exactly as written I
said that for an overall reaction you
can't just look at the stoichiometry um
you have to you have to think about
experiment but for an elementary
reaction you can write it just from the
stoichiometry and so this is how we
would write it just from the
stoichiometry so what would be the order
of that reaction just the forward
reaction 2
and that makes it a what kind of
molecular reaction by molecular by
molecular okay so let's write out the
rate law for the reverse reaction now
and again exactly as written so we're
going to have K minus one times the
concentration of our intermediate and
two oh two and that would be the rate
law for the reverse reaction so what
would be the order for this reaction now
one right we only have one thing in here
and what do you call it X molecular when
there's one thing uni uni molecular okay
for step two now you're good at this
let's do a clicker question
all right ten more seconds
yep so we're just gonna write this
exactly as written it doesn't say it's a
reversible reaction
so it's k2 and I'll put this down here
k2 our rate constant for the second step
and then times the reactants so we have
Oh - and our intermediate and - OH - so
what would be the order of this reaction
or this step - we have two things in
there and again we call that by
molecular so we have unify and Terr
molecular reactions for order of one two
and three
alright so we've written this out now
now what we want to do is we want to
write out an overall rate law for this
so we've written out the rate laws for
all the individual steps and we'll put
that yeah I guess I can put it maybe
I'll try to write it down here I was
gonna have this all organized but then
the boards weren't cooperating today all
right so I'm gonna write the overall
rate I try it here and this is for
formation of n - OH - and we're gonna
put a 2 in there and I'll explain that
in a minute
then our k2 so we're just writing this
now from the last step times o2 and our
intermediate n2 o2 so the overall rate
of forming no.2 is the two because two
moles are formed so as these guys
disappear as Oh 2 + n2 o2 our
intermediate disappear and it's going to
form twice as fast because they're two
of them being formed so we put a 2 in
there and then we just have a rate order
or rate law for the last
step K 202 intermediate so you can
always write the rate for the overall
reaction from that last step although
sometimes we'll see if they're fast and
slow steps you can also write it from
the rate-determining step but we're not
done here because we have an
intermediate in this expression and you
in a rate law you cannot have an
intermediate in there you need to solve
for the rate in terms of your rate
constants your reactant concentration
and your product concentration so we
need to get rid of this we need to solve
for this alright so how are we going to
do that how are we going to solve for
this so we want to think about now what
is the net rate for this formation how
is that intermediate being formed and
how is it being consumed given those
steps up here so it's only being formed
in the forward direction of the first of
the first step and grab this so the
forward direction of the first step
which is k1 times no.2 the 2 and so this
is where our intermediate is formed our
intermediate is going away in two
different steps so it's going away in
the reverse direction of step one
so it's decomposing in that step and so
it's decomposing at the rate of K minus
one times its concentration the
intermediate is also being consumed in
the second step is reacting with oxygen
and being consumed so here it decays and
here it is consumed and it's being
consumed by the reaction k2 times the
concentration of o2 times its
concentration
so that's the second step alright so now
we just need to take that equation and
solve for the intermediate and 202 but
we don't know that rate over there we
don't really have too many variables
right now so at this point we have to
use what's known as a steady-state
approximation so steady-state
approximation and pretty much everything
I'm talking about reaction mechanisms
we're going to use the steady-state
approximation and that is that the rate
of formation of intermediates equals the
rate at which they go away so the net
rate is zero so we can set this whole
thing now equal to zero so steady state
approximation net rate is zero or the
rate at which an intermediate forms
equals the rate at which that
intermediate decays all right so I can
rearrange this equation now and I'm
gonna bring the terms that have the
intermediate to one side so I'm gonna
put them over here so we have the term
that at which it decays K minus 1 times
our concentration of our intermediate
and it had a negative but I brought it
over here to this side with a zero so
now it's positive and I'm gonna bring
the same for the rate law for the at
which it's consumed over so that's K 2
times our intermediate concentration and
our oxygen concentration and now on the
other side we'll have the rate at which
the intermediate is formed which is K 1
and O 2 the 2 so this is another way to
express the steady-state approximation
the rate at which the intermediate goes
away equals the rate at which its formed
that's the steady state there's no net
sort of flux in the intermediate it's
being formed and going away at equal
rates so now we can use this to solve
for the intermediate now
set now we can solve for the
intermediate and so let's do that over
here so I'm going to pull out I had a
straight line here this one's a little
all right I used to write a lot on the
board and used to evaluate professors by
their good handwriting and my ratings
were always my overall grading was
limited by my handwriting to a large
degree and so I stopped writing on the
board but now they've gotten rid of that
as a criteria so I can write on the
board again okay so I'm going to pull
out the concentration of the
intermediate are n2o2
and I'll pull it out of the expression
leaving K minus 1 and K 2 times o2 so I
just pulled out the concentration of the
intermediate over here and then we leave
the other side the same our k1 times our
n o squared all right so now I can solve
for the concentration of the
intermediate and 202 equals k1 times n o
squared over K minus 1 plus k2 times o2
great so we've solved for the
concentration of the intermediate now
now we can take this bring it back over
here and put that whole term into this
and then we'll have a rate law that does
is expressed only in terms of our rate
constants and our reactants or and/or
products okay so let's let's do more on
the power point here so this is what we
just came up with so the concentration
of our intermediate k1 times no.1 of our
reactants second-order over K minus 1
plus k2 times the constant
creation of oxygen now I'm going to plug
that into this expression which we just
got from writing the rate law for the
set the last step using a 2 because we
had two molecules of product being
formed so we're gonna plug it in there
and that's going to give us this so we
have our two we have a k1 from here a k2
from here we have our oxygen
concentration we have our NO
concentration second-order over K minus
1 plus k2 times oxygen concentration of
oxygen so that might be the complete
answer to some problems but here we were
given an experimental rate law which was
second order in a no and first order in
o - that does not match this this term
has an o2 at the bottom this one doesn't
have an o2 at the bottom these are not
the same so that must mean that the
mechanism has fast and slow steps and
that we need to reconsider this
expression in terms of fast and slow
steps so let's go back now and think
about our mechanism and so if we come
over here let's say that the first step
bring this down again let's say the
first step is fast and we already said
that it was reversible but we'll put
that down - it's fast and reversible and
step two is slow so I'm just gonna
propose that these are true and then we
will recalculate what the rate law would
be if you have a fast reversible step
followed by a slow step and see if that
agrees with experiment
so to do that we have to consider what
it means if we have a fast step followed
by a slow step so let's introduce a term
very important term which is the rate
determining step
also known as the rate limiting step so
the slow step of a reaction if it's
truly a very slow step is going to
govern the overall rate of the reaction
so let's think about this a minute so I
told you that the extra problems for
exam four are long they're very long
sorry about that
but there were a lot of problems now I
want to get you ready for exam four
you also have problem set nine due
tomorrow so you got a lot of problems to
do so after class today I feel that many
of you are going to be really inspired
to get started on those problems and you
may run out of here you might leap over
the chair in front of you and race out
the door you may clear the table on the
way out because you're in a real hurry
to start those extra problems you will
run to the library to look for a table
but all the tables will already be taken
how did your classmates get out of class
so fast to get all of the tables in the
library and they're already finishing
problems at 9:00 and starting on the
extra problems she raced back to your
dorm but all the tables in the
downstairs of the dorm are also filled
with five eleven one students so finally
on the fifth floor of one of the dorms
you find an empty table and then you're
really fast you got the Proms out you
got your pencils out and got your
calculator out you've got old equation
sheets out and you're ready to go in
it's like two seconds so it took you 40
minutes to find a free table at MIT that
didn't already have a 511 one students
sitting and doing those extra problems
and problem set 9 so it was 40 minutes
plus two seconds to actually start doing
the problems so the rate determining or
rate limiting step was finding your
table forty minutes plus two seconds is
pretty much 40 minutes and that's what
happens in these reaction mechanisms if
you have a really slow step that governs
the overall rate of the reaction
now a lot of you know also about
rate-determining steps because some of
you may be the rate-determining step in
your group of friends the rate at which
you get to dinner and eat determines is
determined by you being ready to go you
own you you know you know someone that
were like yeah that's me you know who
you are
so I'm saying that when you got to do to
not let yourself be that person that
rate-determining person the RDS in your
group of friends you need to get sleep
and you need to eat well and you need to
make sure you got your ATP and that
means of course to get enough sleep you
got to start problem sets early
especially the extra problems because
they're long okay rate-determining steps
very important so let's get back to our
example and we made a proposal we made a
proposal that step two was going to be
rate determining that that was slow we
made the proposal that step one was fast
and reversible step two was slow so what
that's gonna mean then is that our rate
law for the first step that's fast
that's a big number the rate for the
second step is slow rate determining so
that will mean then that k1 is going to
be greater than k2 times o2 so we can
drop out our concentrations here to
think about them they're gonna be the
same so what's left that means the rate
constant for that reverse step is very
fast it's a big number that's going to
be big compared to k2 times o2 so now we
can go back and look at our expression
for the intermediate and we note that K
minus one is in the bottom as well
k2 times o2 is in the bottom of the
expression so if K minus 1 now is really
big compared to k2 times o2 again that's
the fast step that's the slow step then
this term pretty much doesn't matter and
it can drop out because that's really
that this is really small compared to
that and if we drop out this term we can
rewrite the expression like this the
concentration of our intermediate rate
constant k1 n o squared over K minus 1
and now we can rearrange this equation
bringing the concentrations to one side
and our rate constants to the other side
so we have our intermediate and 200 2
over N o squared equals R a constant K 1
over K minus 1 what does rate constant K
1 over rate constant K minus 1 equal it
equals the equilibrium constant K 1 for
the first step so if you have a fast
reversible step followed by a slow step
the first step is basically in
equilibrium we can make that
approximation that it is in equilibrium
and solve it by thinking about
equilibrium expressions fantastic we can
use we can be back to equilibrium
expressions so let's think about this a
little bit more here I have a pretty
picture for you so here we have our
reactants forming our intermediates the
intermediates are also going back and
forming our reactants reactants are
forming the intermediates and then back
again fast reversible every once in a
while an intermediate gets siphoned off
to products but if this is a really
really slow step it doesn't happen very
often it doesn't really affect this very
much and so basically this is an
equilibrium it's like this part doesn't
even really matter it doesn't play in so
when we have a fast reversible step
followed by a slow step we can assume
the first step is in equilibrium and we
can solve for
our intermediate using equilibrium
expressions so let's do that let's take
our equilibrium expression for the first
step and now plug it in to our rate law
so we can substitute this step now or we
can have rate constants or we can have
an equilibrium constant you can write
either these are equivalent and we can
put those back into this which was our
original overall rate that we wrote we
weren't done though because we had an
intermediate so we can plug this now in
for our concentration of the
intermediate and so now we get two times
K 1 K 2 o 2 n o squared over K minus 1
or we could just put that with a big
equilibrium constant get rid of our
little K 1 over K minus 1 both of those
are equivalent and now we can take all
of our K terms and call them k ops so
chaos is just the experimental rate
constant it's the collection of rate
constants that are measured and we often
when we measure things we can't
distinguish K 1 from K 2 we sometimes
try to do that and that's a little more
complicated but in this case all that
was given was an overall K observed and
this was our experimental rate law K
observed times o2 first-order and O
second-order and now we see this
expression agrees with this rate so the
fact that we have a good agreement means
that a mechanism with this fast
reversible step followed by a slow step
gives rise to a rate law that's
consistent with experiment doesn't prove
that's the right mechanism it's very
hard to prove mechanisms or right but at
least it's consistent so we can say this
is a good this is a good gas a good
proposal for our mechanism ok so let's
look at another example
so in this example we have n o again we
have two molecules of n o and now we
have BR to going to two molecules of
nobr and we're told that the
experimental rate is Kayaba times n o
first-order BR to first order and asked
for this proposed mechanism which would
be the slow step to give rise to that
experimental data so the first thing
that we would want to do with all of
these is to write the rate laws for each
individual step so for the forge step we
have one molecule event going reacting
with BR 2 with rate constant K 1 so we
get rate constant K 1 times the
concentration of no.2 concentration of
br-2 again this is a step or an
elementary reaction so we write it
exactly we write the rate law just based
on the stoichiometry here now we can do
the same thing for the reverse rate so
we have K minus 1 times the
concentration of our intermediate so in
step two our intermediate which is
formed in step one is reacting with the
second molecule of n o forming our
product and we can write the rate for
this as well
k2 times the concentration of our
intermediate and o BR 2 times the
concentration of n o
these are steps or elementary reactions
so we can write the rate law based on
the stoichiometry in that proposed step
so now we can write the overall rate law
for the formation of nobr and we can
just write it from the second step like
we did before again this is an example
we're forming two molecules of product
so there's a 2 in there we have K 2 it's
basically just this K 2 times our
intermediate and o BR 2 times the
concentration of no.1 Segen we're not
done
because and there's an intermediate in
the expression and you can't have an
intermediate in your rate law you need
to solve for the rate law in terms of
rate constants reactants and products so
we need to now solve for our
intermediate in terms of things that are
allowed in the overall rate law and so
we want to think again about what is the
change in concentration of our
intermediate so we can do the same thing
that we did before so the intermediate
is being formed in the first step so we
have the rate for a rate law for the
first step k1 times n au times the
concentration of br-2 the intermediate
is also decaying in the reverse part of
the first step so that's minus the
reverse rate minus K minus 1 times the
intermediate here and then it's being
consumed in the second step so it's
going away by the rate k2 times the
concentration of the intermediate times
the concentration of no.2 again this is
exactly what we did with the first
example we think about the change how
it's being formed and the two different
ways that it's being consumed we can
again use the steady-state approximation
and set all of that equal to zero all
right so let's do that
and we'll solve again for the
intermediate so on this next slide now I
just put those things up there this is
what you were just copying down if you
didn't finish it's still here and here's
the steady-state approximation so again
the steady straight approximation is the
net rate of formation of your
intermediate equals the net rate of it's
going away net rate is zero so
rearranging then we can bring the two
terms that involve the decay or the
consumption of our intermediate on one
side and then set them equal to the rate
that intermediate is formed and then we
can pull out our terms for our
intermediate so we pull out the nobr -
leaving K minus 1
leaving K 2 and n oh and set it equal to
the rate law for the first step in the
forward direction we can solve for the
intermediate take this divided by this
term so we have K 1 times n o times B
are 2 over K minus 1 plus K 2 times n oh
all right now we can take this we're
done solving for our intermediate we
have no more intermediates in there so
we can now plug this back into the
expression we had before so we can take
this plug it in here and that gives us
this formation so we have 2 times K 1
and O times n o and o squared B are two
on top K minus 1 on the bottom plus K 2
times n oh all right now we were asked
what are the fast and what are the slow
steps so now we want to take this and
think about if there's bad different
fast and slow steps is it consistent
then with the experiment so first let's
consider if the first step was slow and
the second step was fast or ie if we
have K 2 and o greater than K minus 1
and this is a clicker question so why
don't you tell me how this then using
this changes
okay ten seconds
okay let's now think about why that's
true this involved doing a couple of
steps in your head okay so if we have a
first step that's slow in a second step
that's fast the second step involves the
k2 times the concentration of no.2
second step that's fast that's going to
be a big number compared to K minus one
so if we look both are on the bottom
here and if this term K to n O is much
much bigger than K minus 1 then we can
say K minus 1 goes away if we get rid of
K minus 1 we can simplify the expression
even more we can get rid of our K twos
and we can get rid of one of our nos
which gives us this so saying that the
first step is slow and the second step
is fast gives us a very different
equation a lot of things cancel out all
right so we can also write that
expression as Kayaba times n o times
br-2 and the overall order of that
reaction would be what yell it out yes
okay so this is what we would get for a
first step to slow second step that's
fast now let's consider if the first
step is fast and the second step is slow
so if the first step is fast that means
k minus 1 the rate constant for the
reverse step is going to be a lot bigger
than k2 times n oh and so now we can
look up at this expression and say okay
if this is much bigger than this then
that cancels out and then we're left
with this expression which I can put
down here so that leaves us we can't
cancel anymore at this point so that
leaves us with 2 times k1 times k2 fees
n Oh squared BR 2 over K minus 1
so assuming different things about how
fast and slow the steps are gives you
very different rate laws we can also
write that to make it look a little
simpler as chaos but you'll note that
the overall order is very different so
what's the overall order here three
right so let's remind ourselves what the
experimental rate law was and it was NO
first order BR two first order so that
means that this one would be consistent
so the mechanism is likely to involve a
slow first step and a fast second step
and so that's how you do a lot of these
problems you think about what is going
to change when you have different fast
and slow steps one of them will be more
consistent with the experimental data
and one of them will not be consistent
okay let's do one more fast example here
we have rate law for two molecules of
ozone o3 going to three molecules of o2
and ozone has been in the news a lot
recently so we want our we want to keep
our ozone layer we don't want it to go
away so we have we have oh three going
to o2 plus o and you're forming an
intermediate oh that intermediate is
reacting with with oh three forming our
two molecules of o2 so let's just write
out what our rate is for the forward
reaction so we have k1 times the
concentration of O three for the reverse
we have K minus one times concentration
of o2 times the concentration of our
intermediate o for the next one we have
K two times our intermediate Oh times
the concentration of O three so now
we're told that there's a fast
reversible step in a slow step
so the rate will be determined by the
slow step so we can write out the rate
of formation of o2 based on the slow
step which happens to be the second step
which is what we've done all along so
there's not really a huge change right
now so the formation again two molecules
of o2 or fly out forms so we have a two
we have K two times the concentration of
our intermediate Oh times the
concentration of O three but again o is
an intermediate so we need to solve for
it in terms of our products reactants
rate constants
but now we're told something about fast
and slow steps right up front and so if
we have a fast reversible step followed
by a slow step how can we solve for our
concentration of our intermediate in a
simpler way than we've been doing why do
we use or what can we use
we can use the equilibrium expression so
we can put that in we can say our
equilibrium expression products over
reactants equals K little K 1 over K
minus 1 or equilibrium constant K 1
solve for o and get either big
equilibrium constant K 1 or a little
rate constant K 1 over K minus 1 and we
have oh 3 over o 2 here so this was a
lot simpler than doing all of that so
again if you have a fast reversible step
followed by a slow step you can solve
for the concentration of your
intermediate using an equilibrium
expression which you all know how to
write so that makes your life easier
then we can substitute that back in and
we are able to put this back and solve
for o and we'll plug in R K 1 over K
minus 1 o 3 we had an O 3 so that
squared over Oh - all right or we could
write that in terms of K abs o 3
concentration to the 2 over o - all
right so let's end with some fun
thinking about what we would observe
here first the order and then what would
happen if we double things so what is
the order with respect to O 3 you can
yell that out yep
what is the order 402
oh sorry I had something else here
double this what happens if the rate
will four times okay
order here some people yelled it out oh
no oh man it's a clicker question I
forgot about that
don't listen but luckily everyone yelled
to have different answers
all right ten more seconds
okay yep so it's minus one and so if you
double it it will have and then finally
the overall order would be one because
again the overall order is the sum so
two minus one is one and last clicker
question
all right ten more seconds I know you're
really in a hurry to do those extra
problems for example I'm the
rate-determining step I am with my
clicker question I admit it
all right all right see you Wednesday
remember final clicker competition of
the year before the finals